so check it out you guys we were hanging
out before the show and we were just
fucking around you know thank you safe
backstage that's what we do play music
right before the show and we broke
through songs today ok really short
songs are very short three shirts on but
they're really fucking heavy ok I know I
know they're really fucking at me like
you think slipped on this heavy no boo
good because this is way heavier you
think Slater's heavy nope oh good
because ladies like a Jonas Brothers
prepared lists right I'm talking really
fucking heavy you guys alright so we
want everybody to get in the fucking
hardcore mindset right now especially
the ladies right we want everybody to
put the fucking hardcore faces on right
now
that's how hardcore this song is super
ahead is hardcore check this out
you
but the hell
hey
alright
you
Oh
oh thank you about you guys up to the
bar is that ok give one up to the bar
with the never give your dreams we come
to the bar enjoy yourselves yappin for
everybody come on everybody go on up yes
Oh
you're not in a band of your house only
band members right now they gave us a
lot they gave us a lot of cocaine before
we came on so we gotta get you a real
fucking lock down will hey Bobby check
everybody's a minute I'm just kidding
baby give us cooking to give us
representing